Updating IQ# and Python installation pages (#923)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/quickstarts/install-python.md

Install the QDK to develop Python host programs to call Q# operations.

## Install the `qsharp` Python package

### [Install using conda (recommended)](#tab/tabid-conda)

1. Prerequisites:

    - Install [Miniconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html) or [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual#Downloads).

>     - (optional) Create a new conda environment by running `conda create --name qsharp-env`. Activate this environment by running `conda activate qsharp-env`.

Reviewer: Same comment about combining install and create steps here.

    > ```
    > where `/path/to/dotnet-iqsharp` should be replaced by the absolute path to the `dotnet-iqsharp` tool in your file system.
    > Typically this will be under `.dotnet/tools` in your user profile folder.
    
***

That's it! You now have both the `qsharp` Python package and the IQ# kernel for Jupyter, which provides the core functionality for compiling and executing Q# operations from Python and allows you to use Q# Jupyter Notebooks.

## Write your first Q# program

> While you can use Q# with Python in any IDE, we highly recommend using Visual Studio Code (VS Code) IDE for your Q# + Python applications. By using Visual Studio Code and the QDK Visual Studio Code extension you gain access to richer functionality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While you can use Q# with Python in any IDE, we highly recommend using Visual Studio Code (VS Code) IDE for your Q# + Python applications. With the QDK Visual Studio Code extension you gain access to richer functionality such as warnings, syntax highlighting, project templates, and more.

If you would like to use VS Code:
```

Author: Ok, I believe I've merged your changes in correctly, but please double-check!

- Install [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) (Windows, Linux and Mac).

> - Install the [QDK extension for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=quantum.quantum-devkit-vscode).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Install the [QDK extension for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=quantum.quantum-devkit-vscode).

If you would like to use a different editor, the instructions above have you all set. 
```

Author: Ok, I believe I've merged your changes in correctly, but please double-check!
